OSDOCS-10365: 4.14.23 RN (#75348)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-14-23-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, the Node Tuning Operator (NTO) checked if there were profiles that share the same priority, regardless of their associated node. The process was for the NTO to first collect the profiles, check for priority conflicts, and then filter for the associated node. As a result, if multiple performance profiles were present on two different nodes, false priority warnings were dumped into the logs. With this release, the steps of this process have been changed so that the NTO filters the associated nodes first and then checks for priority conflicts. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31735[*OCPBUGS-31735*])

* Previously, there was a fundamental issue that prevented egress IPv6 from working for Elastic IPs (EIPs) with multi-network interface controllers (NICs). With this release, the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31853[*OCPBUGS-31853*])

* Previously, the `kube-rbac-proxy-crio` label had mistyped resources. With this release, the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32260[*OCPBUGS-32260*])

> * Previously, `v4-transit-switch-subnet` and `v6-transit-switch-subnet` flags were added, but some configurations were still missing to allow setting custom subnets while creating a kind cluster. With this release, it is possible to override default v4 and v6 transit switch subnets while creating a kind cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32353[*OCPBUGS-32353*])

Reviewer: > some configurations were still missing to allow setting custom subnets 
This seems to be missing something. Not sure if this is correct. 
```suggestion
* Previously, `v4-transit-switch-subnet` and `v6-transit-switch-subnet` flags were added, but some configurations that allow for setting custom subnets while creating a kind cluster were still missing. With this release, it is possible to override default v4 and v6 transit switch subnets while creating a kind cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32353[*OCPBUGS-32353*])
```

Reviewer: Does a typical user know what a _kind cluster_ is?

Author: Good question - confirming with dev

Author: Removing this bug - this feature has two parts, ovn-kubernetes side of things and cluster network operator side of things. Dev has finished backporting ovn-kubernetes part to 4.14 but cluster-b=network-operator side of things have not yet made it to 4.14.

* Previously, certain HTTP clients caused Ingress traffic to degrade after upgrading to {product-title} 4.14 when closed idle connections were erroneously reused. With this release, the issue has been resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32437[*OCPBUGS-32437*])

> * Previously, the image registry's Azure path fix job incorrectly required the presence of client and tenant IDs to function, which resulted in valid configurations that threw validation errors. With this release, a check to account for key-in connection to missing client and tenant IDs is added. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32450[*OCPBUGS-32450*])

Reviewer: Per ISG, use _throw_ only with Java docs.
```suggestion
* Previously, the image registry's Azure path fix job incorrectly required the presence of client and tenant IDs to function, which caused valid configurations to produce validation errors. With this release, a check to account for key-in connection to missing client and tenant IDs is added. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32450[*OCPBUGS-32450*])
```
```suggestion
* Previously, the image registry's Azure path fix job incorrectly required the presence of client and tenant IDs to function, which caused valid configurations to fail validation. With this release, a check to account for key-in connection to missing client and tenant IDs is added. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32450[*OCPBUGS-32450*])
```
